#393 update documents for pytest support (#394)
TechnologyBrewery/habushu: docs/HABUSHU_LIFECYCLE_README.md

Uses [behave](https://github.com/behave/behave) to execute BDD scenarios that are defined in `tests/features`. By default, as per [behaveExcludeManualTag](CONFIGURATION_README.md#behaveexcludemanualtag), features/scenarios tagged with `@manual` are skipped.

> As for uv project, alternatively, we offer the [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/) to execute pytest framework small tests that can be defined in `tests/`. To switch to use `pytest` for tests, set [testPackage](CONFIGURATION_README.md#testpackage) to be `pytest` in configuration.

Reviewer: A:
```suggestion
Small-scale projects can [opt](CONFIGURATION_README.md#testpackage) to use [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/) as a lighter-weight alternative to behave. _Note: pytest is currently only supported for uv-based projects at the moment._
```
